full review post-trial 03 and tutorials-late (#34)
epiverse-trace/tutorials-late: episodes/modelling-interventions.Rmd

```{r baseline, echo = TRUE, fig.width = 10}
# run baseline simulation with no intervention
output_baseline <- model_default(
  population = uk_population,
  transmission_rate = transmission_rate,
  infectiousness_rate = infectiousness_rate,
  recovery_rate = recovery_rate,
  time_end = 300, increment = 1.0
)

# create intervention_type column for plotting
output_school$intervention_type <- "school closure"
output_baseline$intervention_type <- "baseline"
output <- rbind(output_school, output_baseline)

library(tidyverse)

output %>%
  filter(compartment == "infectious") %>%
  ggplot() +
  aes(
    x = time,
    y = value,
    color = intervention_type,
    linetype = intervention_type
  ) +
  stat_summary(
    fun = "sum",
    geom = "line",
    linewidth = 1
  ) +
  scale_y_continuous(
    labels = scales::comma
  ) +
  geom_vline(
    xintercept = c(
      close_schools$time_begin,
      close_schools$time_end
    ),
    linetype = 2
  ) +
  theme_bw() +
  labs(
    x = "Simulation time (days)",
    y = "Individuals"
  )
```

> We can see that with the intervention in place, the infection still spreads through the population, though the peak number of infectious individuals is smaller (green dashed line) than the baseline with no intervention in place (red solid line).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can see that with the intervention in place, the infection still spreads through the population and hence accumulation of immunity contributes to the eventual peak-and-decline. However, the peak number of infectious individuals is smaller (green dashed line) than the baseline with no intervention in place (red solid line).
```
Wonder if in a future version we should include some intuition about effective reproduction number etc. (linking back to earlier episodes). I.e. with more interventions, background R is lower so less infection - and hence immunity - is required to bring epidemic under control. Maybe use seasonal flu/COVID epidemic as example (e.g. being cautious while ill will lead to smaller overall epidemic?)

Reviewer 2: Could also be linked to the {finalsize} function `r_eff()`.
